hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so this is a video about
the upcoming gaming laptops for 2019 so
this year in 2018 we had a pretty good
selection of devices to choose from we
had a lot of thin and light gaming
laptops we had some inexpensive ones and
next year 2019 I think the biggest
change we'll see early on in the year is
the new GPUs from Nvidia so the RT X
cards those are expected to be revealed
at CES this year and we've seen some
leaked benchmarks so far and from the
looks of it it's pretty promising now
based on those leaks our TX laptops look
like they're gonna be running the same
GPU die as the big boy desktop our TX
cards so the same number of CUDA cores
the clock speeds gonna be lower because
they're gonna have to do that to reduce
thermal output but the performance of
those chips look to be quite impressive
everything across the board is a nice
bump up now keep in mind that these are
leaked specs and benchmarks the drivers
that they using for these benchmarks are
obviously very early drivers and we
don't know anything about thermal
performance yet but the performance
gains look decent the notable things to
me are the fact that an RT X 20 atti
gaming laptop exists at all like that is
a very powerful GPU at the desktop
version which consumes a ton of power
I'd love to see how they integrate that
into a mobile version of that the other
thing is that the archaic 2060 benchmark
that was leaked that is performing
slightly better than the 1070 max-q
so that car the 1070 max-q was a very
popular card amongst the kind of premium
gaming laptop segment like razor blade
was using it the Aero 15 the GS 65 like
so many devices were using that card and
to see that RTX 2060 match that is
really cool because that means we're
gonna see some entry-level gaming
laptops which cost like 800 bucks at the
low end they're gonna be able to get
some killer performances here with those
new r-tx cards next thing CPU so this
year we got the 8th gen Intel CPUs which
are running six cores that was a really
big job up for certain people like if
you're a gamer didn't make that much of
a difference but any kind of multi-core
application that could take advantage of
extra cores was performing better but
for 2019 I feel like we might get like a
I don't know a ninth gen spec bump
that's like 2 300 megahertz faster than
the 8th gen but I think most devices
will still be running 6 cores we might
see like an 8 core
the top end like an i-9 of some sort but
seriously you're gonna have something
super thick to cool that properly now I
want to talk about some other things
like hardware changes over all in 2018 I
thought that we would get just faster
screens and we saw a lot of devices
running 144 Hertz panels I think those
panels are gonna come down in price a
little bit so we're gonna see some fast
panels and some cheaper laptops which
would be really nice that can you
imagine I don't know like a five six
hundred dollar gaming laptop with 144
Hertz screens we're starting to see that
like the opie gaming laptop from Walmart
they dropped their price by like 40
percent that's a pretty decent pickup
right now but we're gonna see devices
like that cheaper devices with really
fast screens and that's gonna be nice to
see because a good gaming experience in
2018 has to come with a fast screen
being stuck at 60 Hertz is like that's
2000 and late another thing we're gonna
see I think is a whole shift in thinner
and lighter gaming laptops like we saw
some of the big companies like Dell
Alienware they made the m15 this year I
mean they've been the king of big-boy
laptops they made something thin I think
the whole industry is shifting to
thinner and lighter devices which is
great but to answer the question of
should you get a gaming laptop right now
at the end of 2018 or should you wait
for 2019 to roll around and then choose
them here's my thoughts on that if you
buy a gaming laptop right now at the end
of 2018 during the holiday season you're
gonna get good pricing for excellent
Hardware in two or three months it may
not be like the latest and greatest
stuff but you're gonna go to play all
the games that you could possibly want
to play right now like the hardware is
excellent and I'd be very comfortable
buying a gaming laptop right now next
year's gonna bring faster stuff of
course it is but it's not gonna be a
huge jump I think it's gonna be like two
maybe even three years before we see a
really big increase in laptop gaming
performance I think next year is gonna
be an iterative change it's gonna be
good
but I wouldn't wait for it if you're
looking for something right now okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time